add governance and adopters for clomonitor (#19037)
cilium-team/cilium: README.rst

* Weekly, Wednesday, 8:00 am PT, 11:00 am ET, 5:00 pm CEST
* `Join zoom <https://zoom.us/j/596609673>`_

Governance
----------

> The Cilium project is governed by a group of `maintainers and commiters <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/MAINTAINERS.md.>`_.

Reviewer: Broken link because of the trailing period.

```suggestion
The Cilium project is governed by a group of `Maintainers and Committers <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cilium/cilium/master/MAINTAINERS.md>`__.
```
I'm suggesting the raw file because this is what is linked from the Governance page, but if you prefer to keep the GitHub-rendered Markdown that's fine as well.

> How they are selected and govern is outlined in our `governance document <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/Documentation/contributing/governance/commit_access.rst>`_.

Reviewer: Probably easier to read the HTML-rendered version?

```suggestion
How they are selected and govern is outlined in our `governance document <https://docs.cilium.io/en/latest/contributing/governance/commit_access/>`__.
```

Adopters
--------

> Adopters of the Cilium project who are deploying it in production and their use cases
> can be found in `Users <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/USERS.md>`_.

Reviewer: The list is not exhaustive.
```suggestion
A list of adopters of the Cilium project who are deploying it in production, and of their use cases,
can be found in `Users <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cilium/cilium/master/USERS.md>`__.
```
(Again, raw file or GitHub-rendered, I don't mind much.)

> Governance
> ----------
> The Cilium project is governed by a group of `Maintainers and Committers <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cilium/cilium/master/MAINTAINERS.md>`__.
> How they are selected and govern is outlined in our `governance document <https://docs.cilium.io/en/latest/contributing/governance/commit_access/>`__.
> 
> Adopters
> --------
> A list of adopters of the Cilium project who are deploying it in production, and of their use cases,
> can be found in `Users <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cilium/cilium/master/USERS.md>`__.
> 
> eBPF & Cilium Office Hours livestream
> -------------------------------------
> We host a weekly community `YouTube livestream called eCHO <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJFUxkVQTBJh3LD1wYBWvuQ>`_ which (very loosely!) stands for eBPF & Cilium Office Hours. Join us live, catch up with past episodes, or head over to the `eCHO repo <https://github.com/isovalent/eCHO>`_ and let us know your ideas for topics we should cover.

Author: ```suggestion
eBPF & Cilium Office Hours livestream
-------------------------------------
We host a weekly community `YouTube livestream called eCHO <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJFUxkVQTBJh3LD1wYBWvuQ>`_ which (very loosely!) stands for eBPF & Cilium Office Hours. Join us live, catch up with past episodes, or head over to the `eCHO repo <https://github.com/isovalent/eCHO>`_ and let us know your ideas for topics we should cover.

Governance
----------
The Cilium project is governed by a group of `Maintainers and Committers <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cilium/cilium/master/MAINTAINERS.md>`__.
How they are selected and govern is outlined in our `governance document <https://docs.cilium.io/en/latest/contributing/governance/commit_access/>`__.

Adopters
--------
A list of adopters of the Cilium project who are deploying it in production, and of their use cases,
can be found in `Users <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cilium/cilium/master/USERS.md>`__.
```

-------------------------------------
We host a weekly community `YouTube livestream called eCHO <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJFUxkVQTBJh3LD1wYBWvuQ>`_ which (very loosely!) stands for eBPF & Cilium Office Hours. Join us live, catch up with past episodes, or head over to the `eCHO repo <https://github.com/isovalent/eCHO>`_ and let us know your ideas for topics we should cover.

Governance
----------
The Cilium project is governed by a group of `Maintainers and Committers <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cilium/cilium/master/MAINTAINERS.md>`__.
How they are selected and govern is outlined in our `governance document <https://docs.cilium.io/en/latest/contributing/governance/commit_access/>`__.

Adopters
--------
A list of adopters of the Cilium project who are deploying it in production, and of their use cases,

> can be found in `Users <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cilium/cilium/master/USERS.md>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be found in file `USERS.md <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cilium/cilium/master/USERS.md>`__.
```
